take the blueprint and collect all
[Applause]
yay muy bien you're done with that step
great now follow the pictures to put all
the pieces together
you
we attack the blueprint and collect all
the pieces of wood and parts will need
for this project check you're done with
that step use the drill press to make
the holes muy bien
very good here's the next step now
follow the pictures to put all the
pieces together way to go great teamwork
tools we do great together we built in
fist we go to school we drilled holes
very Steffes now we're done
[Music]
what is this name a piercer you your
repair shop yeah what does it have we
can fix anything I worship oh that guy
what do you do on your repair shop
you